{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27120\viewh15360\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0  \
 # 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56350 
\f0  Bug Report: Invalid Username Login Issue  \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
*Project:* OrangeHRM Demo  \
*URL:* [https://opensource-demo.orangehrmlive.com](https://opensource-demo.orangehrmlive.com)  \
*Module:* Login Page  \
*Reported by:* Gungun  \
*Date:* 20-Sep-2025  \
*Severity:* High  \
*Priority:* High  \
*Status:* New  \
\
## Description  \
When trying to log in with an invalid username, the system still allows the user to successfully log in.  \
This is a *security defect*, as authentication should validate correct credentials.  \
\
##  Steps to Reproduce  \
1. Open the URL: [https://opensource-demo.orangehrmlive.com](https://opensource-demo.orangehrmlive.com)  \
2. On the Login page, enter an *invalid username* (e.g., Amdin instead of Admin).  \
3. Enter the correct password: admin123.  \
4. Click on the *Login* button.  \
\
##  Expected Result  \
The system should display an error message such as *"Invalid credentials"* and deny login.  \
\
## 
\f1  
\f0 Actual Result  \
The system allows login even with an *invalid username*.  \
\
## 
\f1  
\f0 Test Data  \
- Username: Amdin  \
- Password: admin123  \
\
##  Impact  \
- Security breach risk (unauthorized users may gain access).  \
- Authentication validation failure.  \
- Loss of system reliability.  \
\
##  Attachments  \
- Screenshot: invalid_username_login.png  \
\
## 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56741 \u65039 
\f0  Environment  \
- Device: Mobile (Android)  \
- Browser: Chrome  \
- Application Version: OrangeHRM OS 5.7 (Demo site)  \
}